#### ⚠️ If you are seeing this the main site is down for matinence ⚠️

# Donovan Wright
me@thedon.cloud ❖ Idaho

## EDUCATION
**Boise State University**  
*Bachelor of Science in Computer Science*  
May 2022, Boise, ID  
- Magna Cum Laude; 3.8/4.0 GPA  

## WORK EXPERIENCE
**Data Fleet**  
*Software Developer*  
August 2023 – October 2024, Remote 
- Maintained and optimized a robust Python backend, ensuring efficient performance and reliability for various applications.  
- Developed and managed an interactive React.js frontend, enhancing user interface and experience, and facilitating seamless interaction with backend services.  
- Led a database refactor, ensuring data integrity, optimizing performance, and improving data retrieval. Achieved a 90% reduction in website load times.  
- Designed and implemented custom machine learning models, addressing specific project needs and improving data-driven decision-making processes.  

**Micron Technology**  
*Software Engineer*  
May 2021 – August 2023, Boise, ID  
- Created a dynamic web application using Angular, TypeScript, HTML, and SQL, facilitating seamless data retrieval for customers and providing an easier way to access information.  
- Regularly collaborated with cross-functional teams located in North America and Asia, ensuring seamless software releases and efficient communication across different time zones.  
- Led the conversion of legacy code into C#, ensuring compatibility with modern software frameworks and improving code maintainability. This conversion eliminated reliance on outdated technologies, enabled easier integration with other systems, and enhanced system performance.  

**Boise State University**  
*Computational Biosciences Researcher*  
January 2019 – August 2019, Boise, ID  
- Developed a machine learning model to accurately label anatomical structures of the knee from MRI scans.  
- Designed and implemented a program to stack the predicted knee structures generated by the machine learning model into a comprehensive 3D model.  

## PERSONAL PROJECTS
**Cheapboi**  
June 2022 – June 2024  
- Developed a personal flight search tool using Python for the backend and Angular for the frontend. The tool efficiently scrapes and saves flight data daily, providing myself and Boise residents with daily flight deals.  
- Designed with a focus on cost-effectiveness, the site has been optimized to minimize expenses, requiring only a total annual cost of $12.  

**Care For My Plant**  
May 2020 – May 2022  
- Initiated and led a project to create an automated plant watering system that engaged the community through polling, ensuring optimal watering schedules for the plant. The project combined innovative hardware and software solutions to streamline plant care.  
- Utilized Python to develop the project, leveraging its flexibility and extensive libraries to implement various functionalities. MongoDB was the database solution to store voter history and the plant’s vital information.  

## SKILLS & INTERESTS
- **Skills:** Python, JavaScript, Java, C#, C, HTML/CSS, SQL, MongoDB, ASP.NET Core, Angular, Node.js, jQuery, Git, Docker, Visual Studio, PyCharm, VS Code, Postman, AWS, Azure DevOps Services, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, PostgreSQL, TensorFlow, Rust, Svelte, TypeScript
